Add wl identity docs (#25286)
hmcts/cnp-flux-config: docs/app-deployment-v2.md

    ./bin/v2/add-namespace-to-env.sh <your namespace> <environment>
   ```

## WorkLoad Identity

- We use Managed Identity to access keyvaults secrets in application. This should be created after namespace is created above.
- Namespace creation steps above creates a service account with the same name as namespace.

> - We need to add the managed identity client id as an annotation to service account to use work load identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We need to add the managed identity client id as an annotation to service account to use Workload Identity.
```

### Add WorkLoad identity

- Please note Preview applications use AAT key vaults and thus AAT managed identities, you can reuse identity created for AAT by adding it to preview kustomization.

- Run [add-wl-identity.sh](/bin/workload-identity/add-wl-identity.shh) with your namespace, MI name.

 ```bash
    ./bin/workload-identity/add-wl-identity.sh --namespace <your namespace> --mi-name <mi name>
    #examples
    ./bin/workload-identity/add-wl-identity.sh --namespace ccd
    ./bin/workload-identity/add-wl-identity.sh --namespace rpe --mi-name rpe-shared
   ```

> - In cases where u need to access other application key vaults (like in preview), your [Managed Identity should added to respective vault](https://github.com/hmcts/ccd-shared-infrastructure/pull/178/files) in specific environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In cases where you need to access other application key vaults (like in preview), your [Managed Identity should be added to the respective vault](https://github.com/hmcts/ccd-shared-infrastructure/pull/178/files) in specific environment.
```
